Make Viewing Party a pair project (#32)
AdaGold/viewing-party: README.md

For this project, you and your partner will be given some data structure that represents the things you've watched, favorited, and want to watch. The directions below will lead you and your partner to create a series of functions. These functions will modify the data, and implement features like adding and removing things between different lists. Other features include creating recommendations!

## Pair Programming

Utilize good pair programming practices. Refer to this [medium article](https://medium.com/@weblab_tech/pair-programming-guide-a76ca43ff389), and the lesson in Learn titled Intro to Pair Programming from Approaching a Problem if you need a refresher for some best practices. Switch _driver_ and _navigator_ roles often. When there is uncertainty or confusion, step away from the keyboard and discuss, plan, and document on paper or whiteboard before continuing.

## One-Time Project Setup

Follow these directions once, at the beginning of your project:

> *Only one member of the team should complete the following two steps steps:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Only one member of the team should complete the following two steps:*
```

> 1. In Github, click on the "Fork" button in github and fork the repository to your Github account.  This will make a copy of the project in your github account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Github, click on the "Fork" button in Github and fork the repository to your Github account.  This will make a copy of the project in your Github account. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
1. In GitHub, click on the "Fork" button and fork the repository to your GitHub account.  This will make a copy of the project in your GitHub account. 
```

![Fork Button](images/fork.png)

> 2. In Github, add the other member(s) of your team as collaborators to the repository. Do this by a The student who forked the respository should first choosing **Settings** from the top menu bar, then **Collaborators and teams** from the left navigation, and finally **Invite teams or people**.

Reviewer: Looks like Github has updated its UI slightly. 
```suggestion
2. In Github, add the other member(s) of your team as collaborators to the repository. The student who forked the respository should do this by first choosing **Settings** from the top menu bar, then choosing **Collaborators** from the navigation bar on the left, and finally selecting the green **Add People** button.
```

You can find detailed instructions [here](https://help.github.com/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository/).

> ![Settings](images/settings.png)

Reviewer: Consider updating this image.

Author: I believe this picture is still accurate.

<img src="images/manage-access.png" alt="Collaborators and teams" width="250"/>

> ![Invite teams or people](images/invite.png)

Reviewer: Also consider updating this image.

Author: The first image is an update one. The second one should still be accurate.

Reviewer: I think the nav bars are slightly different for a personal repo which is what student forks will be vs. an organization repo which is what the AdaGold version is, but the differences are pretty minimal so students should still be able to navigate without updated images (ex. it just says 'collaborators' for a personal repo vs 'collaborators and teams')

> The member(s) who are invite will need to accept the invitation either by accepting an email invitation or accepting the invitation in Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invited member(s) will need to accept the invitation either by accepting the email invitation or accepting the invitation in Github.
```

Both members of the team will be working from the same forked repository.  Be sure to follow proper git protocol from the Intro to Git topic in Learn.

*Each member of the pair should complete the following steps:*

> 3. Navigate to your projects folder named `projects`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to your projects folder which is named `projects`. 

If you followed Ada's recommended file system structure from the Intro to Dev Environment lesson in Learn, you can navigate to your projects folder with the following command:
```

$ pytest
```

4. Read through the test failure, and understand why the failure is happening. Confirm your findings with your partner. 
    - If it is a test you wrote, consider whether you are actually testing what you intend to test. Does the test need modification?

5. Make a plan with your partner to implement code to pass the test.

6. Write code in `party.py` to pass the test.

7. Re-run the tests.

8. Repeat steps 3-7 until that test passes!

> 9. Repeat steps 2-8 until you have finished all tests in the file. Consider switching driver/navigator rolls. Make sure the current driver pushes using `git push` and the new driver pulls using `git pull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Repeat steps 2-8 until you have finished all tests in the file. Consider switching driver/navigator roles. Make sure the current driver pushes using `git push` and the new driver pulls using `git pull`.
```

## Project Directions

> ### Setup a Pair Plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Up a Pair Plan
```
